Empress, you have to call the shots for me
Okay, you Shen Xingyao
How dare you hit me
Hmph, your maid is disobedient
I'll help you teach her a lesson
Ah!
My empress is the crown princess whom the emperor married before he ascended the throne
Although it was not sealed
But it is also equivalent to the identity of the queen
What do you want?
Queen
You deserve it
The late emperor died on the night of the wedding
Your father and the fifth prince intend to rebel
If it weren't for the Emperor's generosity, he would have cut you down long ago
Let you go underground to be reunited with your good father
Hey, the original owner's pitiful life experience is forced by this group of long-tongued women all day long
Lenggong is so remote
No one knows if I kill you
Ah, okay, okay.
Isn't it just a broken inkstone?
Here you go.
Ah!
Uh oh.
You, you, you, you actually broke the only Duan inkstone in Zhongzhaoguo
Are you showing great disrespect to the emperor?
Come on, come on, come on
Somebody, somebody!
Shen Xingyao, this is clearly your intention
Let's let you go today
You won't be so lucky next time
Let's go
This kind of broken place is too dirty to stay for a moment
Oh, what a pity!
It's nothing to be sorry about.
Anyway, I can't write calligraphy
Qin Guiren is really deceiving people too much
Hey, by the way, Empress
I heard that Qin Guiren offered a reward of 1,000 taels for the purchase of soda.
Their family is so rich
Why are you still here to rob our cold palace?
1,000 taels, this Qin Guiren is so rich
And I'm broke.
Angry my lord
I had a Ph.D. in chemistry before I crossed over
Get some carbonated drink cases
This time I not only want to make money
I have to kill Qin Guiren's arrogance